sneyd a boo muah no gasps need a boo
muah yeah a whole different language of
course you sometimes forget what the
what the words mean we're but Bob snakes
why do my booby to my babe sleep
five something that was her very wrong
spiewak ahum be work me wives I need to
get that last line I think look really
cool to say my song in the world of sims
give you know people who probably
haven't heard my son before the
opportunity to hear it but they queer
but burps Nick's file and I got to smile
battle up oh yeah I think it sounds cool
probably can't listen to it too much
because then at my gigs I'll start to
see snooty boo muah instead of sweet
about me Wow yeah I guess for me you
know playing you know racing card games
and stuff it's not really my thing
something like scenes where you can kind
of in a role playing babe it created
he's kind of more the type of game I'd
like to play yeah I think maybe the
favorite part was probably I think
recording the chorus because I really
like the way the core sounds in super
wish back to my sound a bit babe wish
sweet well the hungry why
me to meet you dooney man
he'd read the Gypsy John and works on TV
stops you
you know what cbt make whip it's obscene
please easy to me man
read a gypsy Johnny web song love song
baby wit is I got Ruby to my plate where
the pop sticks need
no guys need a boom box
Wow
no Cassie the blue you
I can put speaks English in my resume